1.  JS-REACT-T-1 (1 point)

    What is React?
    
    React is a javascript library to create interactive user interfaces. It is declarative, efficient and flexible. It is developed by Facebook.

2. JS-REACT-P-HELLO-WORLD-1 (1 point)

    Make your first React.js application that renders the following greeting to a web page as h2 element:

                        Hello Brave World!

3. JS-REACT-P-CREATEELEMENT-1 (2 points)

    Develop a web application that renders an h2 header and an unordered list with their list items.
    You can see the result in the picture on the right. Use multiple createElement operation calls like in the example in the book.
    Please note that all the unordered list items belong to a class called single-threat.

    -> helloworld-folder

4. JS-REACT-P-CREATEELEMENT-2 (2 points)

    Modify the code of the JS-REACT-P-CREATEELEMENT-1 task above so that you fill the list item values by using an array sqlsThreats
    instead of hardcoding the strings. Use JavaScript’s Array.map function. Add also the key properties. Check browser console for
    possible warnings. You can search help from the book example listings.

    -> helloworld-folder

5.  JS-REACT-T-2 (1 point)

    What are?

    a.      react elements
            
            React elements are html DOM elements in React form. They are used to build HTML DOM elements through React.

    b.      react components

            Where as elements are small pieces the components are build from multiple elements.
            Point of components is that they allow reuse of UI element with different data.

6. JS-REACT-P-COMPONENTS-1 (2 points)

    Create React.js component ThreatList using a function.  Pass the sqlThreats to this components as a property.
    -> helloworld -folder

7.  JS-REACT-T-RENDERING-1 (1 point)

    What does it mean that ReactDOM.render works smart?

    ReactDOM.render lets developers to keep data and UI elements separate. This results that we can work our data and UI will update after it.
    ReactDOM.render update only the smallest amount of elements required to display the data changes. Basically changing data doesn't necessarily
    mean whole page will update but only one element.