1.      Answer to following questions (2 pts):

        a.      Compare different HTTP methods? Explain also how they should be used.

                GET - should be used to get specified resource
                DELETE - to be used to delete specified resource on server
                PUT - can create or replace resource on server
                POST - information to the resource on server i.e. edit text on .html file on server

        b.      You have seen the HTTP response code 404. What it means and what are the possible reasons for that?

                404 - request doesn’t find specified resource on the server i.e. requested .html file doesn’t exist.

        c.      Explain HTTP sandboxing

                HTTP sandboxing is a security protocol. It prevents scripts making requests to other sites through our browser.
                When reason to access another domain is ok that domain can have target domain allow access from current site to target.

2.      Create a form for data collection. Form should have inputs for: (2 pts)

        a.      User contact information

        b.      5 questions where user chooses numeric value between 1-3 using radio input (hint: grouping)

        c.      Text area for free feedback

        -> form.html

3.      Explain how you prevent a form submission using JavaScript and why would you do that? Give also a simple code example (2 pts).

        First of all we prevent default functionality with preventDefault method. This allows as to verify given data before sending.
        We also can throw a warning if user has forgot to answer certain field. -> form.js

4.      What means local storage related to JavaScript? How could you use it? Write an example code that (2 pts)

        a.      has one input for text

        b.      on blur-event writes contents in the local storage

        c.      another code reads it when window is loaded

        d.      Demonstrate by refreshing window…

                -> local.html

5.      Make exercise “Content negotiation” from book (Exercises, chapter 18).  (2 pts)

        -> negotiation.html && negotiation.js