1.     What is the difference between properties and state? (1 point)

        Properties can change and that change is communicated to relevant components through state.


2.     Create a project called star-ratings by using create-react-app. (1 point)

 

3.     Program and display the basic star rating according to the subchapter Building a Star Rating Component. (2 points)

 

    a. Create first a version that just displays static stars, 3 red and 2 grey ones. (0,5 points)

    b. Follow the book and add “createArray” operation. Draw a 7-star rating. All stars can be grey. (1 point)

    c. Move component Star to its own module. Take care of arranging the imports too. (0,5 points)

 

4.     Add state management to Star Rating component according to the subchapter The useState Hook and test you component. (3 points)

    a. Modify StarRating component to handle state. (1,5 points)

    b. Modify Star component so that it is clickable. (0,5 points)

    c. Use browser and React Developer tools to test your StarRating component. (1 point)

 

5.     Refactor your Star Rating component according to the instruction given in subchapter “Refactoring for Advanced Reusability”. (1 point)

 

6.      Send the state down a component tree by programming the example in the subchapter “Sending State Down a Component Tree”.  (2 points)

 

    a. Program the ColorList example. (1 point)

    b. Why it does make sense to maintain the state in only one component?

        While debugging it is easier to locate problem and solve it when states are only in one place. Multiple different state
        locations might create hard to maintain codebase and add extra level of difficulty to debugging.

    c. Can you list any other solutions to maintain state?

        Context allows state to be maintained in single location and avoids passing the information through all components
        in between who don't need the information themselves. This simplifies component relations and maintaining data and state
        flow throughout the application.